README.md, before:

# Text Summarizer

The **Text Summarizer** is a Python-based application designed to summarize large pieces of text using OpenAI's language models. It provides a Streamlit-based user interface for easy interaction and allows users to tweak summarization parameters such as maximum summary tokens, chunk size, and chunk overlap.

---

## Setting Up the Environment

Before running the app, you need to configure the environment variables:

1. **Copy the `.env.example` File**:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. **Insert Your OpenAI API Key**:
   Open the `.env` file and replace `YOUR_API_KEY` with your actual OpenAI API key:
   ```env
   OPENAI_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>
   ```

---

## Running the Summarizer App with Docker

### Prerequisites
- Ensure you have Docker installed on your system. You can download it from [Docker's official website](https://www.docker.com/).

### Steps to Run the App

1. **Build the Docker Image:**
   Navigate to the project directory and build the Docker image using the following command:
   ```bash
   docker build -t text-summarizer .
   ```

2. **Run the Docker Container:**
    Start the container and map port 8501 to your local machine:

    ```bash
    docker run -p 8501:8501 text-summarizer
    ```
3. **Access the App:**
    Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:8501` to access the Text Summarizer app.

Commit message:

add how to create openai api key to readme

README.md, after:

# Text Summarizer

The **Text Summarizer** is a Python-based application designed to summarize large pieces of text using OpenAI's language models. It provides a Streamlit-based user interface for easy interaction and allows users to tweak summarization parameters such as maximum summary tokens, chunk size, and chunk overlap.

---

## Setting Up the Environment

Before running the app, you need to configure the environment variables:

1. **Create an OpenAI API Key**:
   - Go to the [OpenAI API Keys page](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys).
   - Log in with your OpenAI account or create a new account if you don’t have one.
   - Click on the **Create new secret key** button.

2. **Create the `.env` file by copying `.env.example`**:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

2. **Insert Your OpenAI API Key**:
   Open the `.env` file and replace `YOUR_API_KEY` with your actual OpenAI API key:
   ```env
   OPENAI_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>
   ```

---

## Running the Summarizer App with Docker

### Prerequisites
- Ensure you have Docker installed on your system. You can download it from [Docker's official website](https://www.docker.com/).

### Steps to Run the App

1. **Build the Docker Image:**
   Navigate to the project directory and build the Docker image using the following command:
   ```bash
   docker build -t text-summarizer .
   ```

2. **Run the Docker Container:**
    Start the container and map port 8501 to your local machine:

    ```bash
    docker run -p 8501:8501 text-summarizer
    ```
3. **Access the App:**
    Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:8501` to access the Text Summarizer app.
